It caught me so much.
I want to make a phone call
Let the instructor catch you
It's good to catch me
I'm here waiting for you to call someone to catch me
Oops, I'm in pain.
Take me to the hospital
Hurry up and send the teacher to the hospital
What are you doing in a team?
Come quickly
Somebody stopped at my house.
He hit Sun Shang
Just go.
What to go
I'm here to propose marriage
Just daydream.
despicable
Never want to marry my daughter
Just don't look in the mirror
You are a toad of any breed
If you knew where I came from
I'm afraid I'll be scared to death
Who's that?
Sweeper in KTV?
He is still a sweeping monk
Sweeper bachelor
I don't care about you for Bing Jiao's sake
As long as you promise me to be with Bing Jiao now
I can help you solve the difficulties of your neighbors
Ah you help us solve problems
Did you split it?
You are a waiter without a car or a house
What do you have to solve our problems?
how
Someone next door helped you, so just pay the money back.